c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\obj\Debug\Application.Worker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Application.Worker.dll.config
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Application.Worker.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Application.Worker.pdb
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Application.Data.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\bin\Debug\Application.Data.pdb
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\obj\Debug\Application.Worker.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Worker\obj\Debug\Application.Worker.pdb
