c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Sequence.Web.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Sequence.Web.dll.config
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Sequence.Web.pdb
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\Sequence.Worker.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\Sequence.Worker.dll.config
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\Sequence.Worker.pdb
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Worker\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Effort.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\NMemory.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Sequence.Data.dll
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Effort.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\NMemory.xml
c:\users\chris.nimmons\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sequence.Azure\Sequence.Azure\obj\Debug\Sequence.Web\bin\Sequence.Data.pdb
